# Features
* [wcml-3156] Currencies and payment options based on location.

# Fixes
* [wcml-3323] Fixed notice after WooCommerce Currency was changed.
* [wcml-3293] Fixed not translated partial refunded email heading and subject.
* [wcml-3279] Fixed the WC Bookings email string not updated in the settings screen.
* [wcml-3278] Fixed a PHP notice when one language is not set inside the currency languages settings.
* [wcml-3266] Fixed a fatal error with MercadoPago addon on WC Settings page.
* [wcml-3265] Fixed the usage of `wp_safe_redirect` and `wp_redirect` and take into account the returned value before to exit.
* [wcml-3258] Fixed empty attribute label for translations.
* [wcml-3255] Fix Redis cache when using Display as Translated mode and creating a variable product.
* [wcml-3246] Fixed a PHP Notice for some custom fields showing in the classic translation editor.
* [wcml-3236] Fixed the filter on wc_get_product_terms returning term names instead of slugs.
* [wcml-3214] Fixed multiple "Low stock" emails are not received by the admin.
* [wcml-3199] Fixed attribute label translation in German as a secondary language.
* [wcml-3130] Fixed not ended sale price in secondary currency if same sale dates uses from default.
* [wcml-2673] Fixed our gateways initialization on `wp_loaded` action.

# Compatibility
* [wcml-3268] Fixed the WC Bookings reminder email that was sent in the wrong language.
* [wcml-3267] Fixed the WC Bookings email reminders sent multiple times.
* [wcml-3248] Fixed an issue creating empty "_gravity_form_data" post meta on product translation.
* [wcml-3211] Fixed no products on secondary language shop page if default language shop page contains special symbols.

# Performances
* [wcml-3245] Fixed a performance issue due to comments filtering.